Instead of programming in a karaoke machine,
let's write code that let's you listen to the music you want on a music player.
You'll define a function called playMusic that let's a user play or pause a song.
This is like on a phone or music player where there's a play button.
For a typical device,
the music plays when the play button has been pressed
and pauses when it hasn't been pressed or when it's been released.
So let's say you have access to a boolean variable named
playButton and this needs to be set equal to either true or false.
It should be true when the play button is pressed and music is playing,
and it should be false when the button is released and when the music is paused.
And this variable will be declared outside of your playMusic function.
So using this variable,
write a function definition for playMusic, that'll print out,
Music is playing, when play button is equal to true,
and otherwise prints out,
Music is paused, when play button equals false.